Oh my god, listen to what I'm saying?
Oh my god, listen to what I have to say? Oh my god, listen to what I have to say? Oh my god, listen to what I have to say?
Hear what I say? Oh my god, hear what I say?
Oh God, listen to what I say? Oh God, listen to what I say? Oh God, listen to what I say? Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, hear what I say?
Oh my god, listen to what I'm saying? Oh my god.
Listen to what I'm saying? Oh my God
Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, hear what I say? Oh God, listen to what I say What did I say? God, listen to what I said
This love scene is already a few sentences long
People from the Tang family will not try again in the future.
Tang Yang, I am an outsider
Is there any Tang family trap?
I'm just the illegitimate child of Norito's Hikari.
There is no one who can help you from the previous village.
I'm very angry
I don’t even know if you will be in your fate
It's really me who has the final say
Well, the ones I have at home are very expensive.
If you tell me, I will definitely respect you.
Then I won’t let you taste me
You are not enough for me
He has business facts
What I want is you
You are not a talkative daughter.
Now that you're telling me, there's nothing you can do about my vaginal discharge.
Don't dislike me
I have already said that I will not reduce it. You said so.
Then you are me
Why am I not your confidence?
In fact, I will be you too